# Introduction

Our software will provide a multi-purpose mathematical tool for users to compute a range of math concepts. Eventually visual elements will be included in order to enhance the user experience and approachability of the interface. The plan is to cover a large range of mathematical concepts and provide step by step solutions to the problems - we plan to start with matrix functions and go from there. We hope that this can be used in school, the workplace and any other applicable locations.

# Initial Value Proposition and Consumer Segments

The goal is to be easy to use and understand. Many math programs/applications are not approachable or user friendly (Wolfram Alpha, Symbolab, Mathway, etc) and if they are user friendly, then the uses are limited (Desmos, matrix calculators, integral/derivative calculators, etc). Our consumer segments range from introductory math students to high level professionals.

# Interviews

- The first interview I (Zach) had was with my roommate Andrew, who is a Mechanical Engineering major. I interviewed him in between classes on Friday, 2/4/22. Some of the key insights I obtained in this interview was that he uses calculators a lot in his ME classes, especially for the calculations he hasn't done in a while like algebra and calculus. He struggles with those calculations and uses online calculators often, and since he is at university he has Wolfram Alfa and knows how to use it. He said "The hardest math I have to do is calculus and algebra, because I haven't seen it in a while", and the takeaway I got fom our conversation was that a user firendly math app would be 'Nice to have'.
- The second interview I (Zach) had was with a friend in the Software Engineering industry, John. I also interviewed him on Friday after work. Some of the key insights I took away from this interview were that he really never uses online calculators, because he doesn't really need to do math ever anymore. He said with the math he does do, "I can just use my phone calculator since its all easy multiplication and stuff". I asked him about when he was in school a few years ago, and he described using online calculators a lot for all of his math classes, like calculus and linear algebra. In his field, Software Engineering, our calculator would be 'Don't care', but as a student, it would be in between 'Don't care' and 'Nice to have'.

- Nicole Cano was interviewed by me, Gabrielle Jones, on 2/3/22 at 4 pm. She doesn't take many math classes besides statistics, so her consumer segment would be "non-math major". The only online calculator she uses is Desmos and she likes the visualization aspect of the software. She doesn't like when math calculators, like Desmos, don't "tell you what's wrong with the input when there is an error". Some things she would like to see in an online calculator are multiple windows, graphing abilities, converting times/units, and visualizing math procedures. I would say our product would be "nice to have" for her. 
- Kenneth Thai was interviewed by me, Gabrielle Jones, on 2/4/22 at 3 pm. He doesn't take many math classes besides statistics as a biology major, so his consumer segment would be "non-math major". The only online calculators he uses are Desmos, Excel, and calculators that perform one function (like a chi-squared calculator). He likes Excel because of "the versatility" and doesn't use the others because they are "limited in their capabilities". He would like the ability to access online calculators for specific functions in the comfort of google sheets with the ability to easily transfer data. He says excel is fine how it is and would be "nice to have" our product. 

- I (Dylan) interviewed my roommate Alex on 2/3/2022. He takes many math-based classes each semester since he is an engineer major and uses online calculators a lot. Some of the online calculators he uses are mathway, desmos, and symbolab. He likes online calculators because its the best way to solve equations and math related problems. Something he looks for in an online calculator is that it is easy to use and can solve and teach him the problem. Overall he said our product would be “nice to have”.
- I (Dylan) interviewed my friend Brenden on 2/4/2022. He doesn’t take many math classes anymore and mainly uses a graphing calculator app on his phone. However he likes his phone graphing calculator on his phone because its cheaper then buying an actual graphing calculator and its easy to use. If he uses an online calculator he said it needs to be easy to understand and be able to teach you. Overall his view on our product is “Don’t care”.

- I (Gareth) interviewed my roommate Tori on 2/3/2022. She is not taking any math classes currently. She is an Information Systems major so she mainly uses tools like excel for calculations in relation to what she is working on. She occasionally uses online calculations such as WolframAlpha, and Desmos. She only uses them when she is working with other data outside of excel. Something she enjoys having is ease of use as well as and explanation for how you get the answer. Overall, she enjoys using excel mainly but said our product would be "nice to have" as a secondary tool.
- I (Gareth) interviewed a friend in my stats class, Alaina, on 2/4/2022. She is not taking any other math classes at the moment and would fall under the "non-math major" consumer segment. She occasionally uses online calculators such as WolframAlpha and Symbolab. The things she looks for in an online calculator is usability/understandibility, and the ability to have a step-by-step solution. Overall, she said it would be "nice to have" when its needed but otherwise, "dont care".
# Final Value Proposition and Consumer Segments
