# Positioning 

### Problem Statement
| The Problem of | creating a multipurpose user friendly calculator |
|-----|-----|
| Affects | most college students |
|  The Impact of which is | accessability of math tools to college students |  

### Product Position Statement
| For  | college students |
|----|----|
|  Who  | need/want a  |
|   The Product Name  | calculator |
|  That  | is easy to use and user friendly |
|  Unlike | physical calculator or online variants such as WolframAlpha or Symbolab |
|  Our Product   | makes math operations and calculation easy to do. |

### Value Proposition and Consumer Segment

**Value Proposition:** QuikMafs is a user friendly multipurpose calculator which allows college students to easily compute/calcuate math problems and understand how they are solved, by having a simple and easy to use UI, it allows students to complete calculations and operations easily. 

**Consumer Segment:** College students who are taking math/STEM courses that involve calculations.

# Stakeholders

**Users:** 
- College students who are taking math/STEM classes.
- People who use math heavily in the workplace

**Competitors:** 
- Multipurpose calculators: Designed for many different types of calculations, UI generally struggles because it has to adapt.
- Single purpose calculators: Designed for one specific operation/type of operaion. UI is good but only can do on operation.

**Detractors:** Unhappy/unsupported users who are actively promoting other calculators that they see better fit. 

**Developers:** Our team. Designing and developing the products as well as maintaining a server. 

# Functional Requirements 

1. Adaptable UI (different based on calculation)
1. Step-by-step solutions
1. Unit conversions
1. Matrix calculation
1. Derivative/Integrals
1. Statistic Calculation
1. Probability

# Non-functional Requirements 

1. Easy to use/understand
1. Personalizable/Customizable 
1. Accure/Correct answers
1. Quick response/calculation time
1. Free to use

# MVP

Our MVP would consist of a user-friendly UI that can do simple or complex matrix calculations and show the steps behind them.

It can be tested by running unit tests to make sure the outputs/solutions to the problems are correct.

# Use Cases

## Use Case Diagram

###### TODO

## Use Case Descriptions and Interface Sketch

### QuikMafs
#### Use-Case: User - Conversions
1. The user interacts with the interface to convert numbers from one unit system to another.
2. The only actor present is the user.
3. Preconditions in place:
  1. The server is up
  2. The server is capable of sending and receiving data
  3. The client is capable of sending and receiving data to/from the server
  4. The user is able to interact with the client to format the data and hae it sent and received
4. Flow:
  1. The use case begins when the user interacts with client UI to input and format their data
  2. The user initiates the conversion
  3. The data is formatted and sent to the server
  4. The server processes the data and does the conversion
  5. The server formats the converted data and sends it back to the client
  6. The client displays the converted data
  7. The use case ends
5. Alternative flow:
  1. If on step 1 the user decides not to convert the data, they may delete their data from the client UI
6. Subflows:
  1. step 4 subflow
    1. The server receives the data
    2. The request is logged
    3. The server takes the data and passes it into a conversion algorithm
    4. The server takes the converted data and formats it to be sent out
7. Key Scenarios:
  1. The user interacts with the client UI to input data
  2. The user interacts with the client UI to send the data
  3. The client formats the data and sends it to the server
  4. The server receives the data
  5. The server converts the data
  6. The server formats and sends the data back to the client
  7. The client receives the data and displays it on the UI
8. Post-Conditions:
  1. No post conditions
9. Special Requirements:
  1. No special requirements

# User Stories 

# Issue Tracker
