# System Description

Our software tool provides a simple, multipurpose, user-friendly calculator useful to most students at a college level, which will assist many of these students when completing calculations for their classes. (Product position statement). (Value proposition).

One of the key requirements of our app would be the unit conversions. For the unit conversions, there are a few requirements to make sure the conversions are properly inserted into the app’s functionality. There would be four different types of conversions that the user could select from, which would be length/volume/time/weight. The user can select one of these conversions, input the number, and select the specific units they want to convert from/to within that category. The UI will display the converted number to the user.

Another key requirement for our app would be an adaptable UI. For the UI in general it should be easy to understand and simple. Each of the different calculations will have its own unique UI layout to fit in with the calculator being used. For example the UI layout of the matrix calculator is going to be different from the conversions UI layout however both UI layouts will be easy to understand. Finally the user is going to be able to change the background/theme to their liking and the background options would be every simple either light or dark mode. 

Another one of the key requirements for the app is step-by-step solutions. The step-by-step solutions will be available so that when users enter complicated problems, they can understand how our program ended up with the answer it did. This allows the user to gain knowledge on whatever they were calculating, and it allows us, as the developers,  to see if our calculator is doing a calculation wrong by following it through the intermediate steps.

The primary inspiration behind this project in the first place was the implementation of a matrix-processing class. Users will be able to input 2-dimensional matrices into the program, using either real or complex numbers, and the program will allow them to perform most matrix operations (adding, multiplying, determinants, etc) while also allowing the user to convert the matrix into Reduced Row Echelon Form (RREF).

An additional requirement of the system is a statistics calculations class. This entails a normal distribution and confidence Intervals that are associated with the normal distribution. For the normal distribution we will display the gaussian curve with the center at mean and use the standard deviation to calculate the amount under the curve using the 68%, 95%, and 99.7% rule. For the confidence intervals, we will use input from a sample and prompt the user for what type of tail test to calculate the interval and perform a left, right or two tail test. From those tests we will be able to calculate the p value. 
	
Another key requirement for our software is probability calculation. Within this requirement, we have designated two general functionalities for all of our classes, as well as two more subclasses. The user can select either an ncr or pcr calculation (combination and permutation, respectively), input a total number, and a number of items to choose. The app will then calculate the probability, and the UI will display the probability as a decimal value and percent. In either of these cases, the user can also calculate a union or intersection of probabilities.


# Model

