# 1. Introduction
QuikMafs is a user-friendly multi purpose calculator that allows college students to easily compute/calculate math problems and understand how they are solved. By having a simple and easy to use UI, it allows students to complete calculations and operations easily. For our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) we design our interface design and set up to optimize the users experience. For our MVP functionality, we developed the Matrix page with two matrices that can perform various operations such as: addition, subtraction, and multiplication. Once the user selects the operation and inputs the values into the matrices, there is a formatted output matrix. 
We provided the link to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ZaderRox1111/CS-386-Project). 

*(if someone could check the correctness of this paragraph or add any features that would be great!)*

# 2. Implemented requirements
**Requirement:** 

**Issue:** 

**Pull Request:** 

**Implemented by:** 

**Approved by:** 

**Print screen:** 

# 3. Tests
3.1.1.

3.1.2.

3.1.3.

3.1.4.

# 4. Adopted technologies
4.1 Javascript - Server-side processing language for calculator operations. Chosen for simplicity of use and effectiveness in online applications.

4.2 Java Swing - Swing is a set of program components for Java that provide the ability to create graphical user interface ( GUI ) components. We chose this because it will allow us to design an interface that is compatible with our code.

4.3 Husky - Testing framework for Javascript.

# 5. Learning/training
We created a list of software we should all familiarize ourselves with before we started implementing the MVP for our demo. The software we agreed on were: Java Swing, More about Github, Java and JavaScript. For Java Swing, one of our teammates recommended looking at the java docs. For Github, we all set up our local environment and discussed the commands necessary to do so and to run our code. We also discussed Java and Javascript to implement our code for the demo.

# 6. Deployment 

# 7. Licensing
We looked into [open source software](http://redhat.slides.com/glikins/open-source-licensing-101#/) in the link provided by the D4 document and choose a MIT license. We adopted this license because with open source it can be cost free, prompt a collaborative culture, and it’s highly effective.

# 8. Readme File
[README.md](https://github.com/ZaderRox1111/CS-386-Project/blob/test/README.md)

# 9. Look & feel
We wanted our interface to be intuitive and easy to navigate. That is why we have a main menu with our included features and a search bar to quickly find what operation the user wants to use.

# 10. Lessons learned

# 11. Demo
